 2076-12-11       December 11, 2076  Paul Arteaga, M.D.677 Mill StreetShady Cove, NY 43414 Re:  Christine Olivier     MR #652-33-21-5 Dear Dr. Arteaga: Mrs. Olivier returns for follow-up.  Since last seen, she reportsreturn in a non-exertional left shoulder discomfort syndrome,occasionally associated with mild dyspnea.  Of note, she underwenta dobutamine MIBI stress test last June for evaluating a similarsyndrome, and at that time she developed her typical chest and leftback pain syndrome in association with no diagnostic EKG changes ata peak heart rate of 127, peak blood pressure of 160/60.  Asimultaneously obtained SESTA MIBI scan revealed a global leftventricular fraction of 42%, a non-Q-wave myocardial infarctioninvolving 2 out of 20 segments of the inferior wall and minimalperi-infarct ischemia.  In addition, a venous duplex ultrasoundstudy done to evaluate her severe left greater than rightperipheral edema showed no evidence of DVT.   Currently she remains on a regimen of amlodipine 5 mg poqd,atenolol 50 mg poqd, simvastatin 10 mg poqd, lisinopril 10 mg poqd,Nitropatch .4 mg q.12 hours, Neurontin 400 mg potid, furosemide 40mg poqd (recently increased), Lamactil 150 mg pobid, Trusopt andXalantan drops, insulin 10 units of CZI with 72 units NPH qam and74 units NPH qpm.  Physical exam reveals an overweight woman in no distress.  Bloodpressure, right arm sitting - 110/70, heart rate - 70 and regular,respirations - 12 and unlabored, weight - 174 pounds which is fourpounds below her weight of six months ago.  The neck is supple withJVP flat.  Carotids are 2+ without significant bruits.  Chest isclear.  Cardiac exam shows normal S1, physiologically split S2, anda I/VI holosystolic murmur radiating from the apex to the axilla. No significant diastolic murmur or rub.  The abdomen is benign. Extremities reveal marked left greater than right pedal edema. Peripheral pulses are diminished.   Electrocardiogram shows sinus rhythm at a rate of 70, PR intervalof .12, QRS of .06, QT of .36, axis of -25.  There is borderlinePaul Arteaga, M.D.December 11, 2076Page Two Re:  Christine Olivier     MR #652-33-21-5  evidence for left ventricular hypertrophy with secondary ST and T-wave changes.  Compared with the last electrocardiogram, there hasbeen no significant change.  Presently, Mrs. Olivier has evidence of continuing chest and leftshoulder discomfort which she believes is similar to her pre-bypasssurgery angina.  In this setting, a dobutamine stress testperformed last June showed no evidence of provokable ischemia.  Ihave spent some time discussing with Ms. Olivier our varioustherapeutic and diagnostic options.  She made it quite clear thatshe would not consider repeat cardiac catheterization at this time,and furthermore, was very disinterested in pursuing the possibility(should she require it) of either mechanical or surgical re-vascularization.  It is not entirely clear to me that her leftshoulder syndrome is in fact ischemic in origin, and she certainlyunderstands it may be secondary to musculoskeletal abnormalities. I have suggested that she discuss that further with you.  In themeantime, I have asked her (as her back and chest discomfortsyndrome appears to occur mostly at night prior to lying down forbed) to apply her Nitropatch in the evening and take it off in themorning.  She will call me within the next several days to reporthow this helps her discomfort syndrome.  I do not believe that sheis having GERD to explain her symptoms.  In light of her reluctanceto undergo any further diagnostic cardiac studies, I will try totailor her anti-ischemic medications to minimize her chestdiscomfort syndrome.  I, of course, will keep you fully informed asto her progress, and I thank you for allowing me to assist in hercare.  Sincerely yours,  Irineo Tovar, M.D./vuong DD: 12/11/76DT: 01/14/77DV: 12/11/76  ******** Not reviewed by Attending Physician ********]]>